---
layout: post
author: Hang Hu
categories: root
tags: Root 
cover: 
---

Install the lastest oxygen to meet the firmware and modem requirements of LineageOS so that the installation won't exit throwing error 7.

## Latest Oxygen recovery

```
adb devices
adb reboot bootloader
sudo fastboot devices
sudo fastboot flash recovery OP5_recovery.img
```


## Latest Oxygen


Boot into recovery mode using command or holding power and volume down.


```
adb reboot bootloader
```


Choose `Install from ADB`. A screen with “You are in sideload mode” will be displayed.


```
adb sideload OnePlus5Oxygen_23_OTA_015_all_1708252353_e6d7756780064352.zip
```


Reboot.


## TWRP recovery


```
adb reboot bootloader
sudo fastboot flash recovery twrp-3.1.1-1-cheeseburger.img
```


## LineageOS


Enter recovery mode.


```
adb reboot bootloader
adb push lineage-14.1-20170911-nightly-cheeseburger-signed.zip /sdcard/
adb push open_gapps-arm64-7.1-full-20170909.zip /sdcard/
adb push addonsu-14.1-arm64-signed.zip /sdcard/ ## this is for ROOTING the device!
```


Select Wipe and then Advanced Wipe, wipe System, Cache, Data and Dalvic Cache.


Go back to return to main menu, then select Install.


Navigate to /sdcard, and select the LineageOS .zip package, opengapps.zip and addonsu.zip, the install.


Once installation has finished, return to the main menu, select Reboot, and then System.


## Reference


[Install LineageOS on cheeseburger

](https://wiki.lineageos.org/devices/cheeseburger/install# get-assistance)



[OnePlus 5 OxygenOS 4.5.10

](http://downloads.oneplus.net/oneplus-5/oneplus_5_oxygenos_4.5.10/)



[error 7 when trying to install lineage os on op3

](https://forum.xda-developers.com/oneplus-3/help/error-7-trying-to-install-lineage-os-op3-t3554900)


### Unroot it

1. Download addonsu-remove-14.1-arm64-signed.zip and copy it to phone.
2. Reboot to recovery mode
3. Unlock with passpord, select install, and find the addonsu-remove-14.1-arm64-signed.zip
4. Swift right to install without versify signature
5. Reboot to system
6. You get your lineage unrooted

### Root again

### Unroot it

1. Download addonsu-14.1-arm64-signed.zip and copy it to phone.
2. Reboot to recovery mode
3. Unlock with passpord, select install, and find the addonsu-14.1-arm64-signed.zip
4. Swift right to install without versify signature
5. Reboot to system
6. You get your lineage rooted again

### Difference between root and unrooted device

On Lineage OS official builds, root access is allowed via ADB only. After root, we can select between Apps only, ADB only, Apps and ADB.

1. Enable Developer Option.

Settings -> Phone -> Tap Build number 7 times

2. Enable Root Access


Settings -> Developer Option -> Root access, select Apps and ADB or Apps only or ADB only.